- Honey, good luck today.
- Bye.
- Just take some deep breaths.
- I'm excited.
- Welcome to
"America's Got Talent."
- Thank you.
- ♪ Is to save every day ♪
♪ Till eternity passes ♪
- So what's your act?
- I sing.
- Here's your sticker.
- Thank you so much.
- Well, I can't wait
to perform.
- ♪ If I could make days
last forever ♪
♪ If words could make wishes
come true ♪
- Are you gonna win
the million dollars?
- It doesn't matter what age
or if you're a boy or a girl.
Everybody has a chance, right?
- Yeah.
- ♪ I would spend them
with you ♪
♪ But there never seems
to be enough time ♪
- Just believe in yourself.
- What's going on
on this show?
No! No!
- What the...
- Oh, my God.
- I cannot believe someone
waits in line all day
to do that.
- Wow.
- I am so excited to hopefully
witness the biggest star
in the world
being made on that stage.
But, no.
- Whoa, God!
- Incredible.
- Whoo!
- Oh!
- I think we need to stop.
- It was stunning.
- I don't care.
I'm gonna break the rules.
- ♪ I can't stop ♪
- Good morning, folks.
Rise and shine.
It's day one of auditions
for season 11
of "America's Got Talent."
Do you have what it takes
to win a million dollars
and your own show in Vegas?
- ♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
- ♪ It's a celebration ♪
- Aren't you guys excited?
- Yeah.
- Welcome to
"America's Got Talent."
- Why is it always left to me?
Is this safe?
That's okay.
- ♪ Come on ♪
- We have the winner
of season 11 right now.
- ♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
- Should we wait
for Derek, guys?
- I can't believe we're here.
- Look at the cake.
- Lick his face.
Lick the side of his face.
- From here,
I can tell whether he's coming.
- I see it, though.
- I see it too.
- There he is.
- Shh.
- He's pulling up.
I see him now.
- It never happened.
- Simon, I love you!
Come get this tip from me!
- ♪ Celebrate good times
come on ♪
- Guys, Simon's coming up.
This is a big celebration.
Surprise!
- ♪ Celebrate good times ♪
- Welcome.
- Hi.
- How are you, my lovely?
- No one has ever
done this for me.
- Oh, my God.
- And now, look.
- If I just eat the part
I want--
- That's the best part.
- No. I'm gonna have to leave
that one for myself.
- Just dig on in there.
- I want to make a toast.
There are no words
to describe how I feel
and what this means to us.
- Do you know what, Howie?
That is the nicest thing.
I want to say something
back in return,
and this is important.
I agree with every word
you just said.
Let's get to work.
- Okay.
- I think
he's enjoying the party.
- ♪ What's your pleasure? ♪
- Are you guys
ready to meet your judges?
Howie Mandel,
Mel B,
Heidi Klum,
and Simon Cowell.
"America's Got Talent"
season 11,
and Simon Cowell is here,
ladies and gentlemen.
All right.
So let's make sure the Xs work.
Four of those
send an act away,
but we do have a very,
very special buzzer
that can send an act
straight through
to the live shows.
Each judge can only
hit it once per season.
It is the Golden Buzzer.
- ♪ Celebrate good times,
come on ♪
- ♪ And celebrate ♪
- Are you guys ready
to get to it?
Let's rock.
- Here we go.
- ♪ It's a celebration ♪
- Excuse me.
Is there, like, a prize
for someone winning
this show or something?
Whoa.
My name is Nathan.
I am six years old,
which is practically seven,
which is basically eight.
- Give him a hug.
Say, "Good luck, Nathan."
- Good luck, Nate-Nate.
- In my family,
I have a mom, a dad,
a little sister, me,
and a little brother
on the way.
- What's in your pockets?
- My good-luck charm.
- Really?
- I've never performed
on a big stage before,
but I think I'm ready,
because I've practiced
a whole lot,
like...
100 times.
- So you ready
to have some fun?
- Yes.
I feel nervous and excited.
- It's the real deal, baby.
Go, get 'em.
Have fun out there.
- Oh!
- Hi.
- Hello.
- What's your name?
- M-my name is Nathan.
- Nathan.
And I'm gonna guess
you're 25?
- No.
I'm six years old.
- No, you're not.
You're six years old?
- Yes.
- Are you--are you married?
No, I'm only six.
- Okay.
So you're not married.
And, Nathan,
why are you here today?
- I'm doing comedy.
- What?
Are you really?
- Yep. I'm a comedian.
- Of course.
Okay.
- So am I.
So am I.
- Crowd loves him.
- Have you seen the show
before?
- No, never.
- Okay. Fine.
Well, what happens here--
Well, you can start this year.
So lots of people come on,
and then you get through
to the finals,
and if you win, do you know
how much you win?
- I win $1 million.
- Exactly.
- But guess what.
- Tell me.
- Instead of getting
$1 million...
- Yes?
- Instead, I would want
1 million LEGOs.
- Okay.
Well, look...
let's have that argument
if you win the show.
Okay?
- Okay.
- But right now
I want you to be funny
and for you to go
through to the next round.
So good luck.
- Okay.
- We're ready.
- So a lot
of people around here
know me as a pretty friendly
and outgoing kid.
Some may even say
I'm a little too chatty
and have this thing
called ADHD?
If you don't know
what that stands for,
it's Attention Deficit
Hyper--
Oh, hey, hey, hey, man.
That's a rad shirt.
Now, folks,
I might be only six,
but I think I know a thing
or two about girls.
- Whoa!
- Do tell.
- An important thing
to know about girls
is that they say one thing
but always mean another.
- That's true.
- My mom,
for instance,
she always tells me
to call her Mom,
and I come find out
that's not even her real name.
What? Pssssh!
- They're on their feet.
- Yeah.
- Okay, Nathan.
Let me go, because she likes
a belly laugh, Mel.
- Oh, my God.
I don't think
I could stop laughing.
Do you realize
how funny you are, Nathan?
- No.
- Howie, from one comedian
to another...
- You know, are you--
he's flirting right now.
Are you flirting
with the ladies?
- You like the ladies,
don't you?
- I guess.
Hey, it's not me.
They started it.
- Right.
Do you have a girlfriend?
- No. I'm only six.
You're supposed
to get a girlfriend
at, like,
12 or 15th grade.
- Who writes the material?
- Well, Mom doesn't write them.
She types them.
I just--
I come up
with the jokes.
- That's amazing.
- I like you a lot.
I think you're a charmer.
You're so funny.
You're adorable.
And I love that you come up
with your own material.
That is fantastic
at six years old.
- Thank you.
- I thought you were funny
the second
I started talking to you.
- Yeah.
- True.
- It's just in you,
and I like you,
and I think
you're a real character,
and I think America's gonna
fall in love with you.
I've got a feeling about that.
- Thank you.
- But now
we have to vote to see
if you're one step closer
to your box of LEGO,
which we agreed on, by the way.
Howie?
- Oh, he is one step
closer to a million LEGOs.
It's a yes.
- One yes!
- One down. Mel?
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Two yeses, yay.
- Heidi?
- Yes.
- Three yeses.
- Okay, Nathan.
You've got three yeses,
and now you have four yeses.
- ♪ Baby, baby, baby ♪
♪ Ooh, like,
baby, baby, baby ♪
♪ No, like,
- Well done.
- See you in the next round.
- ♪ Baby, baby, baby, ooh... ♪
- All right!
- Are you kidding me?
That's amazing.
- You did so good there.
You killed them.
Four yeses!
- That's amazing.
- It is shocking to me...
- It's amazing.
- How he can just stand there
at six years old
with all these people.
- That kid,
if nothing else,
will end up with
his own television series.
- No. He's going
to own a TV network--
- Yes.
- I just have a feeling--
made of LEGO,
gold LEGO.
- Awesome!
- That is the most amazing thing
that I have seen, ever.
- It's like being
in the happiest place,
and I just didn't
want it to end.
- Aah!
- I can't.
I can't even watch it.
- Oh, my God.
- I'm gonna change your life
right now.
- Welcome
to "America's Got Talent."
- What do you do for a living?
- I'm a singer.
- Great.
What is your guys' talent?
- Tap-dancing
- Tap-dancing?
- We're here
to see Simon Cowell.
- Imagine winning
a million dollars.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
- Now let's go out
on this stage,
and let's do
what we came here to do.
- I am so glad
that you're with me.
If I was alone,
I would be so scared right now.
- I wouldn't want
to do this without you.
- My dance partner
is beautiful, graceful,
and I love her.
Carrie, what do you think?
I'm José.
This is my dog, Carrie,
and we dance together.
Carrie is the best dancing dog
on the world.
She is the perfect partner.
She's full of life.
- This is Carrie?
- Yes.
- Hey, do you see something
you like in there, Carrie?
- When the judges see Carrie,
they will fall in love.
- Go get 'em.
- Aw.
- Hello, guys.
Welcome to the show.
- Thank you.
Hello.
- What's your name, please?
- I'm José Fuentes.
- And how old are you?
- 58 years old.
- Oh, wow.
- I'm very young, no?
- What is your dog's name?
- Her name is Carrie.
- Carrie?
And what are you
doing for us today?
- Today we are going
to do dance.
- How do you teach a dog
to dance?
- Mm-mm-mm.
- What got you
into dancing with Carrie?
- I danced as a boy.
My ex-wife
did not dance with me.
- So you dance with Carrie.
- But Carrie is the best
partner dancer.
- So you divorced your wife,
who wouldn't dance with you--
- Yes.
- And then bought a dog
so that the dog...
- Now I get it.
That's why Carrie
is wearing a dress.
- Got it.
Okay.
This is gonna be
a really weird season.
Good luck.
- Thank you.
- That's a full-on dress.
- Oh, that's cute.
- ♪ Shake, shake,
shake, Senora ♪
♪ Shake your body line ♪
♪ Shake, shake,
shake, Senora ♪
- That is good.
- ♪ Work, work, work, Senora ♪
♪ Work your body line ♪
♪ Work, work, work, Senora ♪
♪ Work it all the time ♪
♪ Senora, she's a sensation ♪
♪ The reason for aviation ♪
♪ And, fellas,
you got to watch it ♪
♪ When she wind up,
she bottom ♪
♪ She go like a rocket ♪
♪ Jump in the line ♪
♪ Rock your body in time ♪
♪ Okay, I believe you ♪
♪ Jump in the line ♪
♪ Rock your body in time ♪
Heist those skirts
a little higher!
♪ Shake, shake, shake, Senora ♪
♪ Shake your body line ♪
- Carrie's a better dancer
than José.
- ♪ Shake it all the time ♪
♪ Work, work, work, Senora ♪
- Amazing.
- Uh, José, so did
you have to teach Carrie,
or did she just start dancing
on her own one day?
- I like to dance with--
together.
Together--and then,
together, dancing--
- But that's why I'm asking.
So one day, you just--
I'm laughing,
but it's great.
So one day, you just discovered
that you could--
What I'm trying to say
is that you found out one day
that if you put
on a certain song--
You started
dancing together, yes?
- Yes.
- Which is,
by the way, incredible.
I mean, I would love my dog
to do the same thing.
- Why would your wife
not do that?
- I wasn't expecting that.
- What were you expecting?
- You know, well,
he choreographed a routine,
and Carrie, the dog,
followed and jumped it back
and forward and around,
and I actually really liked it.
- I thought
it was very entertaining
and a lot of fun
for the first 15 seconds,
and then I felt myself--
- Oh, come on.
- But I'm telling you the truth.
That's what happened to me.
- Come on.
- Okay.
We've got to go.
- Sock it to me.
- I'm gonna say yes.
Heidi?
- Sorry.
I'm gonna give you a no.
- What?
- Sorry.
- Mel?
- I loved it. I enjoyed it.
I'm gonna say yes.
- Howie?
- It takes three yeses
to go on.
- Come on, look how cute.
- You know....
Yes.
- Welcome back to America.
- Welcome back. Okay.
- Good job, Carrie.
- I actually think the dog
liked dancing.
- One day, they're just
sitting around the house.
He looked at her.
She looked at him,
and it was like,
"Let's dance."
- Well, the wife's gone.
- All right.
Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- All right.
- Bye.
- Bye, Carrie.
- All right.
Stand by, guys.
Stand by.
- Can we get the next act
to the side
of the stage, please?
- Get your mind focused.
Let's do this.
- I'm Amelie.
- And I'm Thommy.
- And together,
we are the Clairvoyants.
Five years ago,
we got introduced.
From the beginning on, there was
a very special connection
between the two of us.
Our minds crossed,
and our thoughts crossed.
- As we started to date,
more unusual things
started to happen.
I mean, we had a lot
of phone calls, you know?
And Amelie asked me once,
"Hey, do you have
a red flower in your hand?"
And I said, "Yes.
How do you know that?"
Amelie is able to feel things,
objects, items
I'm holding in my hands.
- Are you ready?
- I think so.
If we are not connected right,
the act goes wrong.
- You guys ready?
- Yes.
- We are ready.
Yes.
Tonight we want
to surprise, amaze,
and mystify America.
- Let's get to it.
- Hello.
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Very good.
- Give me your names, please.
- I'm Thommy.
- And I'm Amelie.
And together, we are
the Clairvoyants.
- Okay.
Married?
- Not yet.
- Oh, she's waiting.
- Hint, hint.
- Is this something you do
full-time, the two of you?
- We did it for our parents,
you know, in France,
and they really liked it.
- Yeah.
- And so we tried
to create an act,
and we did it
in schools and colleges,
and now, in the meanwhile,
people, you know,
calling us,
and we can come to their,
I don't know, parties
and stuff and perform.
- And what brought you here?
- Because we love what we do.
We want to share our passion,
especially with America.
- All right. Well, listen.
Best of luck, both of you.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- Before we start,
we need one thing.
Heidi, do you have
your handbag
with you?
- I do.
- Ja, perfect.
- Ja.
- Heidi, please,
take your handbag
and join us onstage.
Give Heidi some encouragement.
Every time
when we perform,
people think there must be
something in Amelie's ears,
like, maybe a loudspeaker
or something.
- So, to verify
that there is nothing hidden,
check out my ears.
If there are,
like, antennas, earphones,
whatever--and my left ear.
- No. A little mold,
but that's it. Just kidding.
- Please inspect
this blindfold as well.
I can take this for a second.
And just make sure there is
nothing inside, nothing hidden,
no Wi-Fi,
flat screens--no?
- No.
- Hold it against your eyes,
just for a second,
and just to confirm.
Can you see anything?
- Through it?
- Yes.
- No.
- Perfect.
Now come to my right side,
and look for one or two objects
out of your handbag,
and it feels like there's
a lot of stuff inside.
Whatever you like,
and place it on my right hand.
- Heidi already chose
something.
It's a small object.
You can open it.
I quite like this shade.
It's lipstick.
- That's correct.
Yes.
- There is a number on it.
It's lipstick number 602.
- Is that correct?
- That is correct.
- What?
- That's amazing.
Wow.
- And now, ladies
and gentlemen, please,
look in your pockets,
in your handbags,
in your wallets
for any objects,
any items
you brought with you tonight.
Make it as difficult
as you like.
Hold them up,
but do not say what it is.
- Yes, because that is my job.
- Let's start with this.
- That feels like a cell phone.
- So the color.
- It's white.
- The brand.
- iPhone.
- The provider?
- That must be AT&T.
- AT&T.
- It's correct?
- Oh, I was right.
- What?
- Thank you so much.
A big round of applause
for Amelie. Thank you.
- You didn't think that was
amazing? Did you just see that?
- Simon,
can you just have a look?
There is, like,
no camera in my sleeves.
- No.
- Nothing on my jacket,
in my hair?
- No.
- All good?
- Yeah.
- Look again.
Any objects, any items.
- What about this one?
You have something
in your hand that--
there is liquid inside.
I think these are
kind of drops...
- No way.
- And I'm pretty sure
those are eye drops
- That is correct?
- That is absolutely correct.
- If you have a closer look,
there is an expiring date on it.
- There's an expiration date?
Yeah.
- They expire...
That must be May 20...
17.
- That is correct.
- Yes.
- Yes, it is.
Ladies and gentlemen, Amelie.
- Are you kidding me?
That's fantastic.
- Oh, my God.
- Thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- I have to say,
I've been here for seven years.
That is the most
amazing thing
that I have seen, ever.
I have eye drops I don't know
what the expiry date is.
- Now you know it.
- Amelie knows. Yeah.
- It's the best,
most amazing thing
I've ever seen
on "America's Got Talent."
- I mean, I feel
like I'm stuck in some kind
of crazy Twilight Zone
or something.
That is a talent
beyond this planet.
It's, like, alien-like
or something.
It's crazy.
- I'm floored too,
because I know
I'm not in on it.
I have no idea
how you did this.
Absolutely incredible.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
- There is only
one explanation.
You're a witch.
It's like being
in "Bewitched."
It's the most amazing feeling.
You have magic powers, truly.
Tell you what, Amelie,
you and I should have
a weekend in Vegas.
- Absolutely.
- We would clean up.
- Yeah.
- I think we would get
in trouble, though.
- And we'll take Thommy
along as well.
Okay, right.
We're gonna vote.
I think I know where
this is gonna go. Howie?
- Oh, you know, right?
What am I holding in my mind?
- A big yes.
- Yes. You're correct. Yes.
- Thank you, Howie.
- Mel?
- Yes from me.
- Thank you so much.
- Heidi?
- I'm gonna give you a yes
as well.
- Thank you.
- Four yeses.
Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- Thank you very much.
- ♪ When you hold me ♪
♪ When you touch me ♪
♪ It's so powerful ♪
♪ There's an energy ♪
♪ When you hold me ♪
♪ When you touch me ♪
- Wow. But you guys
seem so surprised,
like you didn't know
that was gonna happen.
- No, we don't know
- She's a witch.
- But look at her.
They're still talking about it.
Like, they're freaked out that
they didn't set it up with them.
Are you freaked out?
It's freaky, right?
- Do you believe in witches?
I do.
- What am I thinking right now?
- I don't see a lot.
- ♪ To infinity ♪
- This is what the girls
could've been
like if they could sing.
- Not until I saw your act
can I truly say,
"Now I believe in magic."
- Just that voice
inside that says,
"You don't ever give up."
You know what I'm saying?
- This is the opportunity
of a lifetime.
- We only have one shot.
Put everything we got
into this performance right now.
- I really feel like,
"Fear is a choice."
If you know that you're good
at something, just go ahead.
- We ain't here to mess around.
- This is our chance
to do what we've always dreamed
of doing our whole lives.
- Yes.
- I'm Echo.
- I'm Montre.
- I'm China.
- Big Ron.
- And we are...
- Linkin' Bridge.
- Montre and I are cousins.
We've known each other
all our lives,
and we met
these two knuckleheads
when we was, like, teenagers.
But we are like brothers.
You can't cross one of us.
You're gonna have a problem.
- Yeah.
- We all grew up in
the west end of Louisville...
Pretty rough neighborhood.
- When we got together,
we said we was gonna change
the world, man,
and that's
what we're gonna do, man.
- We pretty much grew up
in the hip-hop era,
listening to, like, Run-D. M. C.
- Tupac.
- NWA.
- I'm ready for a challenge.
- When we get on that stage,
we're gonna rock that crowd.
They won't know what hit them.
- Linkin' Bridge, y'all ready?
- Yes.
- All right.
Well, go get out there
and do what y'all do.
Let's get to it.
- Hi, guys.
- Hello.
- So who are you?
- Linkin' Bridge.
- Okay, and could you tell me
your names, please?
- I'm Echo.
- Montre Davis.
- Okay.
- I'm Shine China Lacey.
- Big Ron.
- I can see that.
And how long
has this been together?
- For a little bit of time,
here and there,
you know, breaking off.
When we was kids,
we kind of met.
- Yeah.
So why have you entered the
show, "America's Got Talent"?
- I don't know, man.
This dude right here--
he's just a big dreamer,
and because
of his huge dreams,
we got together, man.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
♪ Oh ♪
- Oh, wow.
- ♪ Somewhere ♪
♪ Over the rainbow
way ♪
♪ Up high ♪
♪ There's a land ♪
- ♪ That I ♪
♪ Heard of once ♪
♪ In a lullaby ♪
- ♪ Somewhere ♪
♪ Over the rainbow,
skies are blue ♪
- Dudes can sing!
♪ That you dare to dream
really do come true ♪
♪ Someday I'll wish
upon a star ♪
♪ And wake up where the clouds
are far behind me ♪
- ♪ Behind me ♪
♪ Where troubles
melt like lemon drops ♪
♪ Way above the chimney tops ♪
♪ That's where you'll find ♪
♪ You'll find me ♪
- ♪ Somewhere ♪
♪ Over ♪
♪ The rainbow ♪
♪ Bluebirds fly ♪
♪ Birds fly ♪
♪ Over ♪
♪ The rainbow ♪
♪ Why, then ♪
♪ Oh, why ♪
♪ Can't ♪
♪ I ♪
- Wow.
Okay, so I wasn't
expecting that at all.
I was like, "What are they
gonna break out with?"
I'm actually a bit speechless.
It was that good.
- Thank you.
- Well done.
- Thank you, thank you.
- Thank you.
- Oh, my God.
Do you make
a living doing this?
- No way.
- Well, I got to tell you
that I loved it.
I loved it.
- What did you think, Simon?
- Okay, well, listen,
I thought the first half
the song was okay.
- What?
- And then
when you picked it up
in the middle
and you slowed everything down
and we heard your lead...
it was sensational.
- Thank you.
- Really sensational.
- You know what?
This could be your time now.
- All right. Wow.
We're supposed to be--
- Why are you so emotional?
I don't--we don't have words.
I mean, it's kind
of hard to--
it's kind of hard
to muster that up, man,
when you--hey,
man, just talk.
Can you talk, bro?
Aw.
- Take your time.
Take your time, brother.
- Come on, brother.
Come on.
- When you work
so hard for something...
There's just that voice inside
that tells you to never give up.
You know what I'm saying?
- I get it.
Heidi?
- Aren't you happy
that you listened
to your friend
who has big dreams
to bring you out here
to do this?
It was beautiful,
really beautiful.
Thank you so much for that.
- Thank you.
Thank you for the opportunity.
- But now
we got to do the hard part.
We got to vote.
Let me start with Howie.
- Well, I'm gonna start off
with a yes.
- Mel?
- Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you.
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Two yeses.
- I also give you a big yes.
- Whoo!
- I am very happy
to tell you
you have four yeses.
Congratulations.
- ♪ Oh ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
- That's so sweet.
- Well done.
- ♪ So why don't we go ♪
♪ Somewhere only we know? ♪
- Gentlemen.
- Can't believe it, man.
- Congratulations.
- You know what?
Ultimately, this is
a life-changing show.
Their lives just changed
forever, and they feel it.
- And the journey's
gonna continue.
- Absolutely.
- Somewhere over the rainbow.
- Somewhere over the rainbow,
way up high.
- This is all we got,
so it's more
than just singing, man.
It's more than that.
- Whoo.
- "America's Got Talent."
- Yeah.
- Look at this place.
We're finally here.
- Whoo!
- Oh, my God.
- Come on.
- ♪ Backstreet's back
all right ♪
- I'm Jay.
- I'm Stavros.
- I'm Justin.
- I'm JC.
- I'm Mark.
- And we're a bunch of friends,
performers from South Florida.
- So what do you guys do?
- We're a fan group.
- We're a musical group.
- Do you guys
write your own songs?
- No.
- We have producers.
- Oh, wow.
- So, basically, in this group
we've got the ball of energy.
We've got our smartass.
We have our fearless leader,
and we have the face.
Then me--I don't know.
That's up to you guys.
- The slacker.
The slacker.
- Definitely the slacker.
- Y'all are, like,
hogging the mirror,
and I need to actually
look in it.
I think being all kids
of the late '80s, '90s,
we were super inspired
by 'NSYNC,
Backstreet Boys...
- 98 Degrees.
- Boyz II Men.
- Even, like, the Spice Girls.
- Yeah.
- And to think
that we're gonna step
out in front of Mel B
tonight--I think
this is a huge moment
for all of us.
- And Simon's put
on some of the biggest groups
that are on the radio today,
and he's gonna be sitting
right there in front of us.
- ♪ Everybody ♪
- We've been dreaming
of this moment for a long time.
- Let's go.
- This is
what we were born to do,
and it's not stopping here.
- ♪ Everybody ♪
♪ Rock your body right ♪
- ♪ Backstreet's back all-- ♪
- It's like looking
in the mirror.
- Look at you.
- This is uncanny.
- Mel, is it like looking
in the mirror?
- Well, they're all hot.
Can I just say?
- Who are you?
- This is really quite spooky.
You think you can win the show?
- We know we can win this show.
- We know we can win the show.
- We've got girl power.
- Okay. Well, this one
I can't wait to see.
Good luck.
- ♪ La la la
la la la la la la ♪
♪ La la la la la la la ♪
- ♪ Colors of the world ♪
♪ Spice up your life ♪
- ♪ Every boy and every girl ♪
- Spice up your life!
- ♪ Slam it to the left ♪
♪ If you're having
a good time ♪
♪ Shake it to the right ♪
♪ If you know
that you feel fine ♪
♪ Chicas to the front ♪
♪ Uh, uh, go round ♪
♪ Slam it to the left ♪
♪ If you're having
a good time ♪
♪ Shake it to the front ♪
- Why'd he have to buzz them?
- Spice up your life!
- Let me go to Mel.
- Well, I mean,
obviously I enjoyed it.
- Howie, you buzzed.
- I did.
- Yeah. Why the bloody hell
did you buzz at the Spice Girls?
- You've got some explaining
to do, Howie.
- I liked the performance
and everything.
It was just the track.
You could've--
- Could you not try
and sing the vocals?
- To sing?
- Yeah. A capella.
One, two, three.
♪ I'm giving you everything ♪
♪ All that joy can bring ♪
♪ This I swear ♪
- ♪ They will be there ♪
- There was some talent
in there somewhere.
- Can I be honest?
In my opinion,
that was better--
that was better
than the original.
- You know what?
You know what?
I'm gonna strangle you, Simon.
- Seriously,
this is what the Girls
could've been
like if they could sing.
Amazing.
After that, I'm gonna say yes.
- Yay, Simon!
- I'm gonna give you a no.
I'm sorry.
- I have to say yes.
- It's down to Howie.
- I don't know.
- Come on, Howie.
- I'm sorry.
It's a no.
Sorry.
- Thanks, though.
- Thanks everyone.
- Bye.
- Girl power.
- Honestly, Mel,
that was--
- Shut up.
- Why are you not
strangling him?
- Because I'm ignoring him
right now.
- You didn't think
that was good?
- I'm ignoring you.
- Are you guys gonna fight?
- Yeah,
we are gonna fight.
- Hi-yah!
- Whoa.
- Somebody's gonna get hurt.
Tell them not to.
What are you doing?
- Hi-yah!
- No! Don't--
I don't like that.
- ♪ You got to get
with my friends ♪
- Whoa.
- Good evening.
- It is a good evening.
- ♪ If you wanna be my lover ♪
- Good luck, ladies.
- ♪ Taking is too easy ♪
♪ But that's the way it is ♪
- ♪ So here's a story
from A to Z ♪
♪ You wanna get with me,
you got to listen carefully ♪
♪ You got Em in the place
who likes it in your face ♪
- I thought it was terrific.
- I wasn't as excited
about it as you were.
- Meow, meow.
- I'm not being catty.
- I know you're not.
Just one criticism.
- Meow.
- Oh, my God.
I would've liked
to have seen more--
- Meow.
Howie, yes or no?
- Oh, yeah.
- Girls, you got four yeses.
Congratulations.
- Thank you so much.
- I only like girls.
- Good.
You don't want to be
friends with boys.
- I think boys are better.
- Girls are better.
- Whatever.
- You got dissed.
- I'm gonna attempt
to spin that cheeseburger
on the top of this parasol.
- Okay.
- Right.
- You want me to throw it
on top of the umbrella.
- Absolutely.
- I go like that?
- No.
That'll just go over us.
- Just throw
the cheeseburger, darling.
- ♪ If you wanna be my lover ♪
♪ You got to get
with my friends ♪
- ♪ Bah, bah, bah, bah ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
- You are annoying me today.
♪ I come home
in the middle of the night ♪
♪ My mother says ♪
♪ "When you gonna live
your life right?" ♪
- Girls, I actually
can't listen to that.
- Why? Why?
- No. I'm being serious.
Have you any idea
what that just sounded like?
Whoa.
- While we have a minute,
I just want to take a minute.
I want to say,
and I'm happy to help--
Mel B, not only are you
a great partner at work,
but you have a great career
and great talent,
and I told her
that I would help her.
Two weeks ago,
Mel B was diagnosed
as an idiot.
- ♪ If you wanna be my lover ♪
♪ You have got to give ♪
♪ Taking is too easy ♪
- One in every 60 people
is an idiot.
- We're with you.
- Shut up, all of you.
- What is your name?
- Rose.
- Let's see it.
- I have to get something.
Just a second.
- Go get something.
- ♪ Slam your body down
and wind it all around ♪
and zigazag, ah ♪
- Hi, Simon.
- Oh, there's more.
Oh, it's all of us.
- ♪ If you wanna be my lover ♪
♪ You gotta get
with my friends ♪
♪ Make it last forever ♪
♪ Friendship never ends ♪
- Whoa.
She just decapitated Mel.
- So the act
was to set up all of us
but just beat the crap
out of Mel B.
- It's four nos.
Thank you.
- Thank you, though.
- Thank you.
- I want to go and get my face.
I'm decapitated.
- Yo.
- Aw.
Yeah!
- I feel much better.
I feel much better.
- ♪ If you wanna be my lover ♪
- Off switch.
- That was amazing.
- ♪ Welcome to my house ♪
♪ Baby, take control now ♪
♪ We can't even slow down ♪
- Make some noise, y'all!
That's what I'm talking about.
Welcome to
"America's Got Talent."
Give it up for your judges.
- ♪ Welcome to my house ♪
- We got a very special act
for you guys.
You want to see some talent?
Let's do this.
- ♪ Welcome to my house ♪
- It's my house.
- Ooh, what's happening?
- I don't know.
- Oh, wow.
- That's a great entrance.
- Whoa.
Did he just change clothes?
- Yeah.
- Whoa.
- Wow.
- Look at that.
- Amazing.
- Wow.
- That was amazing.
- Thank you.
- What is your name?
- My name is Hara.
- Hara?
- Hara.
- Howie.
- Nice to meet you.
Where you from, Hara?
- I am from very,
very tiny village.
It called Totsukawa village
in Japan.
- And what made you come
to "America's Got Talent"?
- To perform in front of you
and you and you was
biggest dream.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
- Now I'm so happy.
- I want to tell you
how happy we are,
because that was just gorgeous,
and not until I saw your act
can I truly say,
"Now, I believe in magic."
It was stunning.
- Oh, thank you so much.
- I feel like I'm already
at your show in Vegas.
It was that perfect.
- Thank you so much.
- I absolutely loved it.
- I love the creativity
of it all
and, you know, all the imagery
and all the different tricks
that you did.
It really becomes magical
for all of us.
So it was really,
really beautiful.
- Thank you so much.
- I'll tell you why
I loved this act.
The fact that you just turned
into a pigeon
in front of our eyes--
that is unbelievable.
- Thank you so much.
- I mean, it was incredible.
And, actually,
for those two minutes,
it was like being
in the happiest place.
I can't describe it, and I just
didn't want it to end.
So I might want you
to come back later on
and put me in a good mood
or come home and live with me.
- Thank you so much.
- Wow.
So let's start the voting.
- A million percent, yes.
- Got one yes.
- Definite yes for me.
- Yes.
- Four yeses.
- ♪ Out on the verge
of the rest of our lives ♪
- Well done, Hara.
- ♪ Edge of the Earth ♪
♪ And we're touching the sky
tonight ♪
♪ Out on the verge
of the rest of our lives ♪
- Yo.
- Thank you.
- Amazing.
- Thank you so much.
- Just imagine waking up to that
every day.
It'd be amazing.
- It's like a bird at my window.
No.
It's Hara
- Hara.
- I really liked that.
- I think you're so handsome.
- I know.
- Ladies and gentlemen,
let's take it up a notch.
- Aah!
"AGT."
- I'm Rose.
- I'm Charlie.
- We're from Mountain View,
California,
and we love to entertain.
You're just
such a good-looking man.
- We've been married now
for four years.
- Thanks, baby.
- We met at grief counseling--
like,
bereavement counseling.
She's just
the most beautiful girl
I've ever seen in my life.
We started kissing.
- No.
- A little bit.
- Stop that.
- And then--
- Stop--No, no.
- We weren't kissing
in bereavement counseling.
We started talking, and then
what happened, baby?
- Is that when the kissing
started, baby?
- No.
- Oh.
- That's not
when the kissing started.
That's when we got kicked out.
I just feel like this is
where I belong, baby.
- This act all started
in the karaoke bar.
- He started singing
beautifully to me.
Oh, my gosh.
I got up and started
dancing to his singing.
- Both of us together,
the sky's the limit.
- You ready to go
give it to them?
- Yes, sir.
- All right, y'all.
Go get 'em.
Have fun, Rose.
- Well, hello, hello, hello.
- Hello.
- I'm Charlie.
- Yeah.
- And I'm Rose.
- Okay.
And how old are you, Charlie?
- 57.
And you, Rose?
- I'm in my 60s.
- Oh, you look good.
- Thank you so much, Simon.
- It's a pleasure, darling.
- I love you.
- So you're, like, the cougar.
- Yeah.
I guess.
- And where did you meet?
- We met at bereavement
counseling, Simon.
- Oh, wow.
- He was, like,
totally checking me out.
- And then what happened?
- Well, we started talking,
and we got kicked out.
- Kicked out for what?
- They said it wasn't
a dating service there.
- Are you married now?
- Yes. We got married.
- Okay. Congratulations.
And, Charlie,
what do you do for a living?
- I work for the United
States Postal Service,
and I deliver mail for you.
- Thank you.
And, Rosie?
- I'm a makeup artist.
- I could tell.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. You're very cute, Rose.
- Thank you so much.
I think
you're so handsome.
- I know.
- Wait a minute.
This is not
a bereavement counsel session.
- I know.
I know.
- You're with me now.
- Rosie, you are a little minx,
aren't you?
- Thank you, Simon.
- That's okay, Rose.
Well, look,
we've done enough talking
I'm dying to see
or hear the act.
Now good luck.
- All right. Thank you.
- Thanks, Simon.
- All right.
- I love her.
- She's naughty.
- Very naughty.
- ♪ Bright light city
gonna set my soul ♪
♪ Gonna set my soul on fire ♪
- For a woman in her 60s,
Rose is working it.
- ♪ Ready to burn,
so get those stakes up higher ♪
♪ There's 1, 000 pretty women
waiting out there ♪
♪ They're all living
devil-may-care ♪
♪ I'm just a devil
that loves suspense ♪
♪ Viva Las Vegas ♪
- Whoa.
- ♪ How I wish
that there were more ♪
♪ Than 24 hours in a day ♪
♪ I would more
and--uh, more ♪
♪ I wouldn't sleep
a minute away ♪
♪ There's blackjack
and poker ♪
♪ And a roulette wheel ♪
♪ A fortune won and lost
on every deal ♪
- Rose is taking it off.
- ♪ Is nerves of steel ♪
♪ Viva Las Vegas ♪
♪ I'm-- ♪
- He's forgetting the words.
- ♪ Lady Luck, please,
let the dice stay hot ♪
♪ Let me shoot a 7
with every shot ♪
♪ Viva Las Vegas ♪
- That's the end?
- Why'd he stop?
- That was the end?
- What happened?
- Was that the end?
Was that the end?
- No.
- I was just getting into that.
- I was just getting into it.
- Better be glad the song ended.
Rose was gonna take off
some more articles.
- So, Rose, this is--you got
the gloves off after 90 seconds.
If that track had gone
on for five minutes,
how much more would've come off?
- Well, I get hot flashes,
and I usually like
to take it all off.
- Okay. Could we just play
a little bit more?
Could we just see
what happens next?
- ♪ How I wish
that there were more ♪
♪ Than 24 hours in a day ♪
- She can actually really move.
- ♪ Every deal ♪
♪ All it takes is nerves--
nerves of steel ♪
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- ♪ Viva Las Vegas ♪
♪ Viva Las Vegas ♪
♪ I'm gonna give it
everything I got ♪
♪ Let me-- ♪
- Why are they stopping?
- What are you doing?
- Why are you stopping?
- They stopped it again!
- Why are you stopping it?
- Isn't she just wonderful?
- Who keeps stopping
the track?
- Simon wants to hear
the whole track.
- I want to hear the album.
- ♪ Bright light city
gonna set my soul ♪
♪ Gonna set my soul on fire ♪
♪ I got a whole lot of money ♪
♪ That's ready to burn,
so get those stakes up higher ♪
♪ There's 1, 000 pretty women
waiting out there ♪
- All right.
Okay.
- ♪ They're all living
devil-may-care ♪
- Thank you, guys.
One of the worst acts
I've seen and heard.
But I can't take my eyes
off you, Rose.
We're gonna have to vote.
Shall we?
- It is so wonderfully wacky
and crazy,
and if you were
playing live,
like you, sir,
from the post office,
through rain, sleet, or snow,
I would go, see their show.
- One yes.
Mel B?
- It's, like,
the perfect train wreck
with glitter
that just went poof.
It's crazy.
It's bad,
and I'm gonna say yes.
- That's two.
- We won!
We won!
- We didn't win yet, baby.
- I think she thinks she won
the whole show.
- The two
of you are a great couple.
You have to keep doing this.
But for me, it's a no.
- Charles, Rose,
do I think with my head,
or do I think
with my heart here?
Because my head is saying,
"You're nuts,"
and my heart is saying,
"I want to see this
all over again,
but bigger and better."
And, Charlie and Rose...
I am going to go with my heart.
You've got three yeses.
- ♪ Oh, baby ♪
♪ My sweet baby ♪
♪ You're the one ♪
- How does it feel?
- I think I peed on myself.
- Oh, where are you going?
- Where's the toilet?
- I love them.
- Thank you, Nick.
- We'll see you soon.
- You're wonderful.
- Thanks.
- This is season 11.
- I know.
We're gonna be in season 11.
- Season 11.
- ♪ Happy talk ♪
♪ Keep talking happy talk ♪
- She, in a past life,
was Toto.
She is Toto reincarnated.
- I had to buy my own lipstick,
'cause my wife
won't let me use hers,
because my beard messes it up.
- The skin-tight pants
are good too,
but not every man can wear
skin-tight pants, right?
- No, not every man.
- What do you live?
You have apartment?
Well, what's the income?
- I love your hair.
- Oh, well, let's not do that.
- Oh, sorry.
- Well, she argued with me.
She said that she eat
bread every day.
She don't eat
no bread every day.
They pay her to say that.
- Well, what do you do
with your free time?
Watch TV?
No?
Every day, what you doing?
Are you--
Do you go to school?
- Oh, he looks creepy.
- Good evening.
Welcome
to "America's Got Talent."
- I'm a little afraid now.
I don't know
what's gonna happen.
- Yeah.
- And you are...?
You are you.
What is--
Do you have a name?
- Taped.
- Taped. You're taped.
What are you going to be doing?
You don't know.
- So what is this?
- Maybe we'll--
will we talk after?
- Maybe.
- Okay.
I love a mystery.
Go ahead and do
what it is you do.
- ♪ My love ♪
♪ There's only you ♪
♪ In my life ♪
♪ The only thing
that's bright ♪
- That's so silly.
- ♪ My first love ♪
♪ You're every breath
that I take ♪
♪ You're every step I make ♪
- ♪ And I ♪
- ♪ I ♪
- ♪ I want to share ♪
♪ All my love ♪
♪ With you ♪
- ♪ No one else will do ♪
- ♪ And your eyes ♪
- ♪ Your eyes, your eyes ♪
♪ They tell me
how much you care ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ You will ♪
♪ Always be ♪
♪ My endless love ♪
- ♪ I've never seen you looking
so lovely as you did tonight ♪
♪ I've never seen you shine
so bright ♪
- That's brilliant.
That's brilliant.
- ♪ Mm-hmm ♪
♪ I've never seen so many men
ask you ♪
♪ If you wanted to dance ♪
♪ They're looking
for a little romance ♪
♪ Given half the chance ♪
♪ I have never seen that dress
you're wearing ♪
♪ Or the highlights in your
hair that catch your eyes ♪
♪ I have been blind ♪
♪ The lady in red ♪
- Whoa.
Wow.
- I like the fact
that we don't know who you are,
anything about you,
or what you're gonna do.
It was, like, simple
but clever, unique,
funny, brilliant.
- Wow.
Heidi?
- At first,
I thought you were so creepy.
But then I really,
truly loved it.
- Mel?
- Who is gonna go home tonight
and try that
"Lady in Red" thing?
Right?
I know I am.
That was just genius.
- I agree.
And I think your life
has changed tonight,
and by this time tomorrow,
everyone in America--no.
No one in America
is gonna know your name.
Okay.
One, two, three--
Yes!
- ♪ Sweet-talking guy ♪
♪ Talking sweet kind of lies ♪
♪ Don't you believe in him ♪
♪ If you do,
he'll make you cry ♪
♪ He'll send you flowers ♪
♪ And paint the town
with another girl ♪
- You forgot your bra.
- Your bra, your bra.
- Your bra.
- ♪ Don't give him love today ♪
♪ Tomorrow he's on his way ♪
♪ He's a sweet-talking ♪
- ♪ Sweet-talking ♪
♪ Guy ♪
♪ Sweet, sweet,
sweet-talking guy ♪
- This is not why I came back
to America.
- I'm gonna change your life
right now.
- You're on it today, Howie.
- You and I--
we're a team, Simon.
- I know
- Weird and weirder.
- Weirder and weirder.
- Did he call you weird?
- He said I'm weird.
- I know.
Weirder than me.
- Yeah.
- Howie, do you ever get ill?
- Always.
I have no antibodies,
because I stay away.
It's good to have germs,
but I'm always--I have
a cold right now.
- Hello.
- And welcome. And who are you?
- I'm Ryan Stock.
- And I'm AmberLynn.
- Okay.
And how do you know each other?
- We're a couple.
- Okay.
- Aw.
- And where did you meet?
- We met 15 years ago
at a festival.
I was working as an entertainer,
and I found her dressed
as a fairy,
crying in an alley,
actually--just sitting
on a bench, crying.
- And then what happened?
- And then
I hired her as my assistant,
and we've been together
24 hours a day,
7 days a week
for the last 15 years.
- That's incredible.
- Wow.
And the act you're gonna show us
tonight--this is something
you've been working on
for this show.
- It's something special,
something that has never been
done before, actually,
we're gonna attempt tonight.
- Okay. Well, listen.
This is whole point of the show.
Best of luck.
- Thank you.
- All right.
We're gonna start this out
really simple.
Before we do the big stunt,
I want you guys to have an idea
of the kind of stuff
we're gonna be doing.
So Amber Lynn is gonna
go out into the crowd here.
She's gonna be careful.
She's got a pair
of scissors in her hand.
She doesn't want
to run with them.
She's bringing them
over to Howie, actually.
Howie, if you could do me
a favor and take a look
at those scissors.
Make sure
they open and close.
Make sure they're
a regular pair of scissors.
Bang them on the table
and make sure
they're made of metal.
Feel the metal part.
Make sure it's real.
- It's real.
- Hand them back to AmberLynn.
AmberLynn
is gonna bring them back.
That's just--we wanted you
to ensure that this is real.
- You want the bald guy
to ensure the scissors are real.
- Real scissors?
- Absolutely.
- Real scissors.
Perfect.
Now, this is
a little bit strange.
It's a little bit gross.
- Oh.
- We're gonna start this out.
Real scissors, real nose.
Okay. I didn't--
Calm down.
I didn't do it yet.
I didn't do it.
Real scissors, real nose.
Check it out.
- Oh!
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
That's not the gross part.
Howie did just have them
in his hand.
Not the first time
they've been in my nose, Howie.
Sorry, sorry.
That's not
the gross part either.
Watch.
- Lord, help him.
- That's how you get
the nose hairs at the very back.
- Oh, my God.
- Check it out.
- Oh.
- Baby Jesus!
- Here we go.
That's not
the gross part either.
Watch.
Okay, that's the gross part.
Look...
if licking snot
off of scissors is wrong,
I don't want to be right.
That's all I'm saying.
- Don't try that at home.
- Now, that's just one way
to clear out the sinuses.
We're gonna show you guys
something kind of weird.
- I cannot watch this.
- No!
- Something kind
of intense with this meat hook
I can tell by the look
on some of your faces,
you're already thinking,
"Where is he gonna stick that?"
Ladies and gentlemen, we call it
the human meathead.
Howie, did you want to take
a look at that,
make sure it's real?
- No. I don't want
to see anything.
- You learn from your mistakes.
That's good to see.
Ladies and gentlemen,
this meat hook
is 15 inches long.
It's 3/8 of an inch thick.
It's solid steel,
sharpened on one end
with a handle on the other side.
This is gonna get
a little bit weird,
a little bit sick.
Ladies and gentlemen,
let's take it up a notch.
- No.
- ♪ There's no business ♪
♪ Like show business ♪
♪ Like business I know ♪
- Oh!
- It's coming out of his mouth.
- I can't.
I can't.
- It's coming out of his mouth.
- I can't.
I can't even watch it.
I cannot.
- ♪ When you are stealing ♪
♪ That extra bow ♪
- ♪ There's no people
like show people ♪
- Aah!
- I cannot watch it.
- ♪ Yesterday they told you
you would not go far ♪
♪ That night you open
and there you are ♪
♪ Next day on your dressing
room, they've hung a star ♪
- ♪ Let's go on with the show ♪
- Oh, my God!
- ♪ There's no people
like show people ♪
- No.
- Yes, yes!
- You may be stranded
out in the cold ♪
♪ Still you wouldn't change it
for a sack of gold ♪
♪ Let's go on with the show ♪
- Whoa!
- ♪ Let's go ♪
♪ On with the ♪
♪ Show ♪
- Aaah!
- Is he finished?
- He finished.
- Whew!
I need a medic.
- Oh, my God.
Oh, that was fantastic.
- Mel?
- Well, you're coming
to the wrong person first,
because I love
this kind of act,
but I just can't watch it.
- Well,
that's kind of the idea.
- So if you just
want to explain to me
what the grand finale was
without showing me--
just explain.
- I'm just hanging
myself from--
- He hung himself up
by his nose.
- Yeah.
By his nose.
The hook went in his nose,
out his throat,
and he hung himself like that.
- Oh, my God.
- In mid-air.
- He started--
- See?
- He put scissors in his nose.
- All right. All right.
I saw that bit.
- And he licked them.
- So I think you're very
talented to be able to do that,
but--
I can't watch it.
- I just want to know.
Like, you're in an alley,
and you find a strange,
crying fairy.
- Right.
- What do you say?
"Don't cry.
You can come with me and help
me hang things from my nose."
- Yes, yes.
- Kind of. Yeah.
- Pretty much.
- That's pretty much
how it went down. Yeah.
- What was happening
in your life, ma'am,
that this is
a better life for you?
- I think
the two of you are really,
really sweet people,
but I just--I can't handle
this kind of stuff.
I can't watch.
- No. I get that.
I can tell you this, right?
I couldn't watch most of it,
but in all my years
of doing this,
it was probably
the most disgusting thing
I've ever seen.
But...
I loved it.
- Well, thank you.
- Thank you.
- And I want to see
where this will go.
So we're gonna vote now.
Let me start with Howie.
- I feel weird, but I...
I loved it.
So it's a yes from me.
- Thank you.
- Mel?
- I need help to vote,
because I only watched
a little bit of it.
- We got a lot more.
- I can only imagine.
So what do you say?
Okay. Well, I'm gonna
go with the audience
and say yes.
- Thank you.
- Heidi?
- I did not like it.
I'm really, really sorry.
I'm gonna give you a no.
- That's okay.
- I'm gonna apologize
to America in advance,
because you've got three yeses.
- Yeah, thank you.
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you.
- ♪ You say that you care ♪
♪ Like a puppet on a string ♪
- It was amazing.
- Man, I got a stomachache.
- We don't mind.
- I need hand sanitizer.
- Just in case.
- Thank you.
- ♪ String... ♪
- Mark it.
- Camera.
- Testing, testing.
Looking right at you?
- Count to five?
- Yeah.
- One, two, three, four, five.
- Yep.
I'm so excited.
Oh, okay.
Look at all these lights.
- Oh, look at this.
- I'm really nervous
to, like, perform
and, like, make sure
that I don't make a mistake.
I'm Laura Bretan.
I'm 13 years old.
And I'm in eighth grade.
- Now, you know,
one of our judges
and the creator
of this show, Simon Cowell,
has discovered many singers.
So are you nervous
about singing in front of him?
- I am kind of nervous.
If he doesn't like you,
he will tell you the truth.
The truth hurts, you know?
- ♪ Got a feeling that I'm ♪
♪ Going under ♪
- ♪ But I know that I'll ♪
- ♪ Make it out alive ♪
- ♪ If I quit calling ♪
♪ You my lover, move on ♪
- ♪ You watch me ♪
♪ Bleed until-- ♪
- ♪ Shaking, falling-- ♪
- What's your name
in the middle?
- Tyler.
- Yeah.
You shouldn't be singing.
- No. That's harsh. No.
- Okay.
Well, you shouldn't be
singing loudly.
- They were just very nervous.
- I don't care.
- Very, very, very nervous.
- I'm being honest with them.
I don't want to say this
was anywhere near good enough,
and you've got to come back
much better than that.
- I'm excited, but so nervous.
- That's okay.
You know what?
It's the same thing.
Nervous and excitement
is exactly the same thing.
- ♪ You ♪
♪ Give me fever ♪
♪ When you kiss me ♪
♪ Fever when you hold me tight ♪
♪ Oh, fever-- ♪
- Noelle, for me,
that's probably exactly
the same music
you would do at any gig
that you've just done,
you know?
It was quick.
It was nice.
But I'm not gonna be saying
in 30 minutes' time,
"I heard something
or saw something
I've never heard before."
- It's a huge accomplishment,
so be proud.
- Yeah.
- Okay, Laura.
- Good luck.
- Here we go, baby.
- Thank you.
- Hello.
Hi, young lady.
- Hi.
- What's your name?
- Laura.
How old are you, Laura?
- I'm 13.
- 13.
Are you a singer?
- Yes.
And have you been
doing this for a long time?
- Well, my mom
always liked to sing,
and, you know,
she saw that I liked it too.
So she helped me practice
and pick out the songs,
and here I am.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- Are you nervous?
- I'm nervous.
- I don't know.
I just see
so many talented people,
and, you know, it just--
- She's gonna do great.
- All you got to do is sing
the song that you picked out.
Okay?
- Thank you.
- All right.
- She's 13.
- Whoa!
- God.
- Wow!
Where'd that voice come from?
- They won't stop clapping.
- Wow.
You were nervous?
How do you feel now?
- Relieved.
- Heidi?
- You are born
with such a gift.
It is unbelievable.
I could not stop smiling.
Like, you put me
in the best mood.
Wow.
Loved it.
- Thank you.
- Simon?
- That didn't just happen.
Honest to God, you came out
like a jelly.
I didn't think you were gonna
be able to talk.
And then I'm thinking
to myself, "Oh, my God,
if she starts to sing,
this is not gonna work."
And then that just happened.
I have never heard anything
like that in all the years
I've been doing this show.
Seriously.
It was unbelievable.
- Wow, wow, wow.
To hear Simon say that...
- And what made it
even better is the fact
that you are
such a sweet person,
so humble, not even aware
of how amazing you are.
Thank you so much
for coming on this show.
That was really, really,
really special.
Amazing.
- Mel?
- You literally made
all my hairs stand up on end,
and you're only 13 years old.
And you know what?
I think that this show is gonna
completely change your life,
and I'm gonna change
your life right now.
- ♪ All along
I believed ♪
♪ I would find you ♪
♪ Time has brought
your heart to me ♪
♪ I have loved you ♪
♪ For a thousand years ♪
♪ I'll love you ♪
♪ For a thousand more ♪
♪ And I have died every day ♪
♪ Waiting for you ♪
♪ Darling, don't be afraid ♪
♪ I have loved you ♪
♪ For a thousand years ♪
♪ I'll love you ♪
- Amazing.
You are Mel B's Golden Buzzer.
How's it feel?
- Oh, my God.
I can't--no words.
- You were
absolutely incredible.
Oh, my gosh.
Well done.
You're amazing.
Absolutely amazing.
- Wow.
- She's going straight
through to the live shows
because of Mel B,
ladies and gentlemen.
- Because of you.
Because of you.
You are so special.
Isn't she special?
This is all for you.
I'm shaking.
You're shaking.
- Everybody up here is shaking.
Give it up for her
one more time.
- Well done.
Well done.
Brilliant.
Go and enjoy yourself.
- Thank you.
- ♪ And all along
I believed ♪
♪ I would find you ♪
♪ And time has brought
your heart to me ♪
- Oh, my goodness.
What just happened?
- How's it feel?
- Oh, my God.
It's so amazing.
- I love her.
She's great.
- She is.
- This is, like--this has been
a dream come true.
I mean, I've been waiting
for this for so long.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- Yes!
- Good acts today.
- Yeah.
- Huh, guys?
- It's fantastic.
- Yeah.
- Una más.
- Sí.
- Did you already perform,
or you have to still go up?
- I'm the last act.
My name is Greg.
I'm 61 years old.
I'm from Daytona Beach, Florida,
and I have a passion for danger.
In my family,
we were always raised
to work hard,
get a career,
follow that line through life.
But, you know, deep inside,
I always had a passion
for danger and risk.
My act requires
a lifetime of preparation,
not only physically,
but mentally.
The judges are always asking
for bigger,
more explosive,
more dangerous,
and I'm here
to give them that.
If I don't get this just right,
I could be going home
in an ambulance.
- Go for it.
- All right. All right.
Children, do not
try this at home.
- Hello.
Good evening, sir.
Hi. What's your name?
- My name is Greg.
- And what do you do, Greg,
for a living?
- Well, I'm retired now,
but before, I worked
in construction for a long time.
But I've always had a passion
for the big stage here.
- So what you're
gonna do tonight
is a passion project.
- It is.
- How long have you been doing
what it is you do?
- You know, it's been
a lifetime in preparation,
a few moments of inspiration,
and tonight will be
the culmination.
- Is this something
that you think
could win
the whole competition?
- I believe it can.
Yes.
- I think this is gonna
be dangerous.
- Okay.
Let's see what you do.
- Good luck.
- He looks nervous.
- He does.
- Yeah.
- Is it gonna be dangerous
for us right here?
- Oh, no.
What's in there?
- I'm kind of scared.
I wonder what he's gonna do.
- Is that it?
- Possibly the worst thing
we've seen so far
on "America's Got Talent."
You know what?
I'm going home.
Yeah.
I've had it.
Good night, everyone.
- He's actually leaving.
Do you want to vote, Heidi?
- No.
- Mel, do you want to vote?
- No. I'm really annoyed.
- No, no.
- You jump in it, Nick.
- Jump, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick--
- No!
- Jump, jump, jump, jump--
- Push him in.
No, she's not.
- Howie!
- Howie.
- Come on!
- No.
No.
- Oh!
Stop it!
No!
- Oh, my--really?
- One of those days.
- I'm going in.
Did I get any on me?
Oh, I got some on me.
- Good night, everybody!
- Hey.
- In my mouth--in my mouth--
you got it in my mouth.
- It was a good night.
That's how we do it, baby.
"AGT."
- This is not why I came back
to America.